From the New York Times, I'm Michael
Bavaro. This is the Daily.
[music]
In Texas today, amid the president's
sinking popularity [music]
and his widening war with Iran,
Democrats and Republicans will head to
the polls for an election that will send
both [music] parties a message about
what voters want and don't want in
Trump's [music] America.
Fighting or healing, loyalty [music] or
defiance?
I spoke with my colleague, national
political correspondent Shane Goldmacher
about the [music] Senate primary that
everyone in US politics is watching.
[music]
It's [music] Tuesday, March 3rd.
Shane, Michael,
>> good to see you.
>> Nice to see you in person.
>> So, the midterm elections, which we
promised were really around the corner,
are actually now
>> they are starting
>> starting starting on Tuesday. And of all
places, Texas, state known for very big
political personalities and political
dramas. Are you ready for it?
>> I'm ready for it. Yeah. Texas is the big
kickoff of the midterm season.
>> Literally the first.
>> Yep. Yeah. There's three states, but
this is the the central one. And we're
not actually interested in it just
because it's the first, although that's
plenty of reason to be interested in it.
We're interested in the Texas midterm
primary on Tuesday because it looks to
be a race on both sides. the selection
of a Democratic nominee and a Republican
nominee for US Senate that is really
capturing the big soularching battle for
the identity of both parties in this era
of Trump's America.
>> Yeah. On the question of like what is
the direction of the Democratic party at
this moment and what is the direction of
the Republican party in this moment? The
midterm fight there in this primary is
one of the most interesting ones. This
Texas race has a little bit of
everything. It's a fight over race. It's
a fight over religion. It's a fight over
ideology. It's a fight over Donald
Trump. It's a fight over electability.
It is, in short, a fight over almost
everything that we fight about in
American politics. And it is a race for
Republicans between a sort of a fixture
of the old guard of the Republican party
>> to the degree there is an old guard
still
>> to a degree there's an old guard a guy
who's been around for 20 years and a
challenger who is really made in the
image of Donald Trump controversial and
popular with the right-wing base of the
Republican party. And for Democrats it's
a choice between two candidates who
really offer the paths for the party
forward. Do you want to pick someone who
is a fighter who is going to just throw
haymakers all day?
>> Fight fire with fire.
>> Fight fire with fire. Or do you want to
pick somebody who is more of a healer
type? Someone who says, "Yes, there's
fights we need to be have, but
ultimately it's about bridging our
divides." And this is the first
measurement for both parties this year
of where they stand on those kind of big
ticket questions. And I'd say the
cliche, everything is bigger in Texas.
This is the most expensive primary
>> in American history.
>> Wow. How expensive has it been?
>> More than hundred million dollars of
advertising in a primary in a primary.
>> So, which side should we start with
here? The Democratic candidates or the
Republican ones?
>> I mean, I think you definitely want to
start with the Republicans and the
Republican incumbent who is running for
reelection.
>> I love Texas. It's been my great honor
and privilege to represent her, all 29
million of us in the United States
Senate,
>> which is Senator John Cornin.
I don't believe we need to make Texas
like Chuck Schumer's New York or Nancy
Pelosy's California. We need to make the
rest of the country more like Texas.
>> John Cornin's been in the Senate for 20
years. He's been in the Senate
leadership. He has run the Senate
Republican campaign arm. And on paper,
that's the kind of person who should
just have a shoe in for reelection.
>> But this isn't that moment. And Cornin
has committed some sins in the eyes of
Republican primary voters, which is that
he has broken at times with Donald
Trump.
>> This morning, some Republicans are
speaking out against Trump's longshot
legal challenge to overturn the
election, including Texas Senator John
Cornin,
>> most notably after January 6th.
>> Texas Republican John Cornin says he is
struggling to understand the legal
theory behind this case. Texas Congress
>> where he expressed [music]
criticism of Trump's behavior in the
run-up to the riot. Now, he didn't vote
to impeach him or anything, but he
wasn't proTrump at that moment. [music]
And then when Trump runs in 2024,
>> calling it like he sees it,
>> Cornin's an open skeptic.
>> Our state senior United States Senator
John Cornin says former President Donald
Trump cannot win a general election. In
a call with Texas reporters [music]
today, Senator Cornin said, quote, "I
think President Trump's time has passed
him by." [music]
>> And Cornin gets on board eventually with
the Trump trend, but he wasn't an early
occupant of the 2024 Trump comeback
ride.
>> And so then Cornin is announcing his own
reelection for 2026.
>> In President Trump's first term, [music]
he made America great. and the shoe is
suddenly on the other foot. Meaning
meaning that Trump might have wanted
Cornin's endorsement before, but now
it's Cornin who wants Donald Trump's
endorsement. In President Trump's first
term, I was Republican whip delivering
the votes for his biggest wins. [music]
>> And so his launch video is a big homage
to Donald Trump. His materials are about
he voted with Donald Trump 99% of the
time. He is bear hugging the president
who he had been skeptical of not that
long ago. [music] God bless you and your
families. God bless America and God
bless Texas.
>> So on paper, he still kind of seems like
a fairly logical not just shoein for
re-election in theory, but someone the
president could probably get behind.
>> Yeah, most Republican senators coast to
re-election. It's uncommon for a sitting
senator to face a real primary
challenge. However,
>> however, he has a primary and he has a
real primary opponent.
>> I went through the Obama administration
trying to put me in prison, having the
FBI investigate me for two years because
I sued him 27 times in two years.
>> And it is a person in the mold of Donald
Trump.
>> I had the Biden administration, yes, the
Biden administration also investigating
me for four years because I sued them
107 times over four years and they
didn't like it.
the attorney general of Texas, a guy
named Ken Paxton. This
>> attorney general, Ken [music] Paxton
protected our gun rights, defended the
right to life, and took on the radical
transgender movement.
>> And if Cornin was at times skeptical
about Trump, Ken Paxton has never been
skeptical about Donald Trump.
I can tell you this. I've watched a lot
of presidents in my lifetime and no
president accomplish more with that type
of adversity than any other president in
my lifetime.
>> He has believed and backed almost
everything Trump has done. Talk about
that key moment for Trump, that runup to
the certification of the 2020 election.
>> We had the opportunity to go fight in
other states and we sued four states
over the ballot fraud and we took it
directly to the Supreme Court. Ken
Paxton as attorney general was the guy
filing a lawsuit on behalf of Texas
trying to invalidate the results.
>> We're Texans. We're Americans and we're
not quitting. God bless.
>> So Ken Paxton is a Trump ally and in a
lot of ways he's Trump before Trump in
Texas.
>> Explain that.
>> Ken Paxton has been indicted. Ken Paxton
has been impeached by Republicans. Ken
Paxton, you know, has been accused by
his ex-wife of marital infidelity. And
you know what? The Republican primary
voters in Texas have loved him. And so
Ken Paxton gets in this race and
immediately he's up in the polls.
He is tied or ahead of John Cornin at
the very start. And the Republican
political establishment of which Cornin
is a card carrying member
>> is freaking out. They're saying Ken
Paxton is so vulnerable because of
impeachments and indictments and
corruption accused by his own top aids
that Ken Paxton could make the seat
something Democrats could conceivably
win.
>> If he wins, the Republican party fears
then potentially a Texas Senate seat
could be in play for Democrats in a
general election if they put up a strong
hand. They're pretty open about it that
Ken Paxton would be a disaster for the
party. Even if he might be able to win,
they say it could cost $200 million to
save Ken Paxton. And so the Republican
political session has made this decision
instead of letting this primary just
play out and seeing where the cards
fall. They're going to intervene early
to save John Cornin.
>> And are they saving him?
>> Not yet. This could go to a runoff
because there's in fact a third
candidate
>> in this race.
So tell me about the man Wesley Hunt.
[music]
>> There's so much to say about Wesley.
>> A congressman named Wesley Hunt, who's a
younger black congressman from Texas,
gets into the race later and says, "I
want to be an alternative candidate
here."
>> And that's why I'm running for Senate.
[music]
And I don't think we should think of him
just as an afterthought because in
recent weeks both Paxton and Cornin have
stopped attacking each other and started
chiefly attacking Hunt.
>> And why are they doing that?
>> So in Texas, you have to get 50% to
become the nominee. And in a three-way
race, that's really hard. And so what
they're both doing is trying to ensure
that they get to face each other in a
runoff. Cornin had fears that Hunt might
pass him and make the runoff instead.
And Paxton wants to make sure he's
running against Cornin at the end of the
day. And so they found common alliance
in attacking Hunt.
>> Mhm.
>> That's the race that's happening now.
But the main event both now and likely
in the runoff is Paxton versus Cornin.
So let's spend some time with that main
event, Cornin versus Paxton. How are
they campaigning against each other and
what's been the most effective lines of
attack between them?
>> Well, if Cornin has started his race
trying to bear hug Donald Trump,
>> Senator John Cornin turned his back
[music] on President Trump.
>> Ken Paxton has been trying to divide
them from each other.
>> John Cornin of Texas told CBS News he
simply doesn't think Donald Trump can
get elected president. [music] Quite a
statement from Senator Cornin
>> and pushing out and highlighting all the
ways that Cornin has previously broken
with Donald Trump.
>> Join the Ken Paxton for [music] Senate
team today.
>> And look, the air wars that have broken
the records in this race, the commercial
wars have overwhelmingly been trying to
prop up John Cornin. Thank you, Senator
Cornin, for working with President Trump
>> and for making Texas great again.
[music]
>> And the way to do that is to push him
closer and closer to Donald Trump.
>> Call Senator John Cornin [music] and
thank him for standing with President
Trump.
>> And of course, the biggest question of
all in this primary is what has the
president said and what has he signaled
about whether he's going to back either
Cornin or Paxton or perhaps in a bit of
a surprise move, the third candidate,
Hunt. Yeah, I mean the primary within a
primary for almost every Republican race
is who can get Trump. And Cornin made
some early moves for this. He hired
Trump people, right? He hired Trump's
pollster to be his pollster. So when
there's somebody making a case for Trump
about races, guess what? It's somebody
Trump trusts. His super PAC hired
Trump's campaign manager, Chris
Lassivita, to help lead his super PAC.
So he has Trump allies on the inside
helping him make his case. And that
Senate leadership that is spending all
that money to prop up Cornin, they're
lobbying Trump, too. They're saying,
"Get on board. Save money. Save the seat
now. Back John Cornin." And Trump just
hasn't done it, right? The polling and
all that spending, Cornin has not pulled
away from Ken Paxton. He's not anywhere
close to 50%.
>> Trump could probably decide this race
with a tweet
>> social and he's not doing it.
>> It's possible. But also, right, Trump
doesn't want to waste his endorsement on
a candidate who loses. He deeply values
his influence with the Republican party
electorate and he knows that Ken Paxton
holds sway. He sees in Ken Paxton some
of himself that ability to sustain your
support despite scandal.
>> Mhm. So, how should we think about what
this primary
race and its dynamics really tell us
about this moment in Trump's second
term? Because in some ways the simplest
analysis is that polling shows the
country is very tired of President Trump
on the issues where he traditionally was
the strongest after just a year. But
Trump's not tired of Trump. And the
Trump base, which is always the
animating, galvanizing force in a
primary, is not tired of Trump. And so
there's that classic tension between
what party leadership in Washington
thinks is best for a general election
>> and the way the party actually works in
a primary,
>> right? Trump continues to be popular
among Republican voters. And that is the
chief defining characteristic of
Republican primaries for like a decade
at this point. I think what's
interesting about this race is it's a
test of his approaches popularity and
not just his personal popularity. Is the
Trump style that Ken Paxton mimics going
to be successful into the future beyond
Donald Trump?
Ken Paxton is finds whatever the hard
right issue is and leans into it and has
his whole career and he has found real
support in the Republican party base for
that. And so I think that this is a test
of that kind of politics and its
enduring appeal for the party even
beyond Donald Trump. [music]
Well Shane, we're going to take a break
and when we come back we're going to
talk about the Democratic side of this
Texas primary and the question of how
Democrats are thinking about who would
be most electable against someone like
Ken Paxton if he were to win. How would
they seize what could be for them a real
opportunity there?
[music]
We'll be right back.
So Shane, let us now turn to the
Democratic side of this primary. And my
sense is that it's been no less dramatic
and maybe a little bit less, but not
much less dramatic than the Republican
side.
>> I mean, it's been pretty dramatic,
right? So, Texas is the white whale for
the Democratic party. They dream of
competing turning Texas blue
>> and they have their heart broken every
cycle.
>> Yeah. You've had Betto Oor who came
close. Even last election, you had Colin
Allred. $100 million was raised by the
Democratic nominee. Most of those were
Senate candidates where Democrats
thought we can win a Senate race in
Texas
>> and raised a bunch of money only to lose
>> and so this election starts calling all
says that hey I'm looking at running
again and the Democratic party already
spent a bunch of money on him and they
immediately
>> move over
>> a little bit move over immediately begin
falling in love with another new figure.
Please welcome my friend, the next US
senator from Texas, James Telerico,
>> a state legislator who enters the race
and his name is James Terico.
>> My granddad was a Baptist preacher
[music] in South Texas.
>> And he starts with this kind of unique
launch video.
>> And he taught me when I was real little
that we follow a barefoot rabbi who gave
just two commandments. love God and love
neighbor because
>> it is him outside standing with
supporters. It looks almost like a
preacher and their flock outside a
church building.
>> This American democracy is a lot more
than a constitution.
It's a covenant.
>> And he's talking about what unites us
rather than what divides us [music] and
bringing people together.
>> It's a relationship between neighbors.
It's a promise that we make to each
other to share [music] this country.
>> And while he's entering a Democratic
primary, this very much has the feel of
a person reaching out to voters across
the political spectrum to make yourself
palatable to that middle of the
electorate.
>> God bless you. Thank you. [cheering]
>> He entered the race last September, but
his campaign really began a couple
months earlier.
>> How are you, James? I'm too well. How
are you? [music] Very good. Nice to meet
you.
>> It's nice to meet you. Thanks for having
me.
>> My pleasure.
>> With an appearance on Joe Rogan's
podcast.
>> It's always um interesting to see a
person who is a Christian who is uh not
for of the Ten Commandments in schools.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think you made a very compelling
argument, you know.
>> Yeah. You know, I've gotten that a lot.
People who are like, you're you're in
seminary, you're studying to become a
minister. Why wouldn't you want the Ten
Commandments in every classroom? So, I
recognize
>> and Terrio is not your standard fair
Democrat. He's a Democrat who had gone
to seminary school, is deeply religious,
and he speaks a little bit differently
than your average Democrat. And Rogan
loves it. You know, this certainly
exists on both sides of the aisle, but I
think in recent years, this, you know,
cancel culture on my side of the aisle
has just become kind of the default
spirituality
>> on the left.
>> Yes.
>> And it is so toxic because
>> and at the end of this conversation,
>> right, it doesn't have to be this way.
>> That is the key step.
>> So I say you need to run for president.
[laughter]
He says that James Telico should run for
president.
>> And this interview comes just as the
Republican governor of Texas is
redrawing the redistricting lines
>> at President Trump's behest.
>> At President Trump's behest
>> to get Trump as many Republican
congressional seats as possible.
>> And Taler Rico's group of Democratic
state lawmakers, they flee the state. So
he's on national television
>> in order to deprive the state
legislature of a
>> quorum in order to redraw a line. It's
dramatic and in fact it ends up not
working but along the way.
>> Now to Texas where a new redistricting
plan backed by
>> Terico who just had this moment on Joe
Rogan is now on all the cable networks.
>> Joining our coverage is Texas State
Representative James Telerico.
>> James Telerico.
>> Representative Telico. Thanks so much
for talking with us.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> As a sharp, articulate, well spoken face
of a Democratic party's resistance to
Trump.
>> I would disagree that this is not racial
gerrymandering. you take a look at these
maps and the communities they divide,
the voices they dilute, um it is
primarily black and brown. Um
>> and so he enters this race around Labor
Day and [music] just shoots off like a
rocket ship, raises gobs and gobs of
money online. And so Terrio, who entered
this race as [music] an asterisk by the
end of the year, looks like the dominant
force and the likely [music] Democratic
nominee for Senate,
>> right? Seems like there really isn't
much of a primary. And then in December,
in a huge twist, another candidate
enters the race. Another superstar for
the Democratic Party.
>> Let me be clear.
>> Jasmine Crockett.
>> Donald Trump is running the most openly
racist immigration regime in modern
American history. I've said it once.
>> And Crockett, to the extent that you
know her and Democratic primary voters
know her and and many of them do, is as
a Democrat who is fighting fire with
fire.
>> Do you know what we're here for? You
know, we're here about I don't think you
know what you're here for.
>> Well, you the one talking about I guess
>> I think your fake eyelashes are messing
up. Hold on. Hold on.
>> She's been in these committee hearings
with Marjorie Taylor Green where they've
just attacked each other.
>> Miss Crockett,
>> I'm just curious just to better
understand your ruling. If someone on
this committee then starts talking about
somebody's bleach blonde, badu built
butch body, that would not be engaging
in personalities. Correct.
>> A what now? And these things have gone
viral and they've gone viral over and
over again. And sometimes she goes over
the line, right? As maybe Trump has done
so many times. She has attacked the
governor of Texas who is in a
wheelchair, Greg Abbott.
>> Y'all know we got Governor Hot Wheels
down there. Come on now.
>> And she has called him Governor Hot
Wheels.
>> And the only thing hot about him is that
he is a hot ass mess, honey. So um so
yes. Yes. Yes. She later said it had no
reference to the fact that he's in a
wheelchair. She just happened to call
him
>> Governor Hot Wheels. And she enters this
race and she's sort of a polar opposite
Democrat and approach than James
Talerico.
>> Not a healer, but a rupturer.
>> A rupture. And Terarico gave a great
quote recently to the New Yorker. He
said, "It was like an asteroid hit our
campaign. Jasmine Crockett's arrival is
an asteroid that rams into the the
rising star of Telerico." [music]
And when Crockett enters the race, how
forcefully does she espouse the role of
the fighter of the asteroid? I mean,
this is the entirety of her candidacy.
Her opening ad is really a memorable and
a unique one.
>> How about this new one? They have their
new Sar Crockett. How about her?
>> It features [music]
her her head tilted to the side and the
entire ad is narrated by Donald Trump.
But you have this woman, Crockett. She's
a very low IQ person.
>> I watched [music] her speak the other
day. She's definitely a low IQ person.
It's just Donald Trump attacking her.
>> Somebody said the other day, she's one
of the leaders of the party. I said,
"You got to be kidding."
>> She eventually turns at the camera,
crosses her arms, and she is the
fighter. She's the fighter that they
[music] fear is the message. And she's
open about her plans. She doesn't want
to go heal and bring in, [music] you
know, disaffected Republican voters. She
is going to mobilize and create a new
electorate of Democrats to take over
Texas for the party. She's got a very
different approach. And so Crockett
excites the base of the Democratic
party. You know who else she excites?
The Republican party. The Republicans
are thrilled with her entry in this
race. [music]
In fact, Republicans had quietly tried
to get her to run. The first poll that
showed that she could be the Democratic
nominee, it was paid for by the Senate
Republican Party Committee. They put it
out the summer before to try to stir the
pot.
>> So on the selectibility question,
Republicans are quite convinced that if
Jasmine Crockett wins the primary on the
Democratic side, they stand a far better
chance, no matter who their nominee is,
of winning Texas, winning the Senate
seat. If Republicans are afraid that Ken
Paxton could lose this race for them,
they're confident that Jasmine Crockett
could also win this race for them.
>> Fascinating. And so, how are Democrats
thinking about these two pretty polar
opposite candidates in this primary,
Crockett and Terrier? What are the polls
telling us?
>> The polls immediately show that Crockett
takes a lead when she enters this race.
And the race, frankly, has been pretty
charged. There's been a lot of attacks
along racial lines. Allies of Terico
have pointed to old statements that
Crockett made about Latino voters and
their flirtation with Trump as having a
slave mentality. And some of Crockett's
allies and Crockett herself have
criticized Telerico and the entire
electability argument that has
surrounded him as racist.
>> We should say because we haven't that
Jasmine Crockett is black.
>> Jasmine Crockett is black and James
Telerico is white. And so the argument
that some of the folks supportive of
Crockett have made is, "Oh, so the only
electable candidate in Texas has to be
white." Shane, I have to imagine that
Telerico and his campaign are watching
Jasmine Crockett's polling numbers and
recognizing that they need to
potentially adjust and make sure that
the Democratic electorate sees him as
some kind of a fighter as well. That
would be my political logic.
>> Yeah. I mean, I I don't want to
overstate that he's exclusively been a
healer from the start, right? He has
identified a villain,
>> and the villain is billionaires. He has
run from the start against the
billionaire class and said, "We all the
voters, the left, the right, the
moderates, we are all on the same side.
It's against these billionaires that are
putting us down." And he is attacking,
he's attacking the Trump administration.
He's attacking in one of his last ads
the immigration policies of the Trump
administration. He's not attacking
Jasmine Crockett in a way that her
campaign has been pretty open about
attacking him. And look, she has looked
like the front runner in this race. And
then in recent weeks, there's been a
twist,
>> right? Which is
>> in a race full of asteroids.
>> In a race full of asteroids, we've got
more rocket fuel. We're going to we're
going to go the outer space metaphor to
the end here.
>> And this one is Steven Colbear.
>> And this is Steven Colbear. So Trico is
coming to New York and he's going to do
the late show with Col Bear. and he
records this segment and the segment
doesn't air. And Colbear [snorts] says
the segment doesn't air on his show
because he was told not to air it
because there was a threat from the
Federal Communications Commission about
airing only one side of a primary race
or one candidate in a multicandidate
field. Now, here's the thing. I don't uh
usually say this to a guest, but if
people are watching this right now, it's
cuz they found us online on YouTube.
>> And the shest way to get people to see
something is to tell them that they
aren't supposed to see it in the first
place.
>> Do you mean to cause trouble?
>> I I [laughter]
I think that Donald Trump is worried
that we're about to flip Texas.
[cheering]
>> And so this is a huge viral moment for
Terrio. gets to say, "Look, you want to
know who's most electable here? I'm
somebody who scares the Trump
administration so much they don't even
want me on television, right?" And the
specifics of this, not as clear as maybe
that storytelling, but if you're going
to tell a story, it's a perfect story
for the Telerico campaign. And he raises
tons of money that day, gets lots of
views, and the actions of the Trump
administration and the Telerico telling
shows that they're really afraid of him.
M so in this confrontation
at this point is it basically a dead
heat a true identity crisis kind of
primary?
>> Yeah, we do not know who [snorts] is
going to win this primary. What I think
we do know is that this fight is the
exact same fight that the Democratic
Party is going to be going through in
other races this year and in a bigger
race in 2028. What is the future face of
the Democratic party? Do you turn to a
person who is ready to just throw
punches the entire time? Or do you turn
to a person who is outwardly saying, "I
want to reach out to the middle." Do you
mobilize your base? Do you reach for
swing voters? Can you do both? I mean,
this is the huge debate in the party and
it's playing out with two of the stars
of the party right now. Okay, let's
project for just a moment to a
theoretical general election. Our
conversation will run before we know the
winners. and we may not know the winners
on the Republican side for quite some
time. If there is, as we expect, a
runoff. So, just conjure what this race
might look like. And is it a foregone
conclusion that Democrats can't win this
race?
In a year where Donald Trump is
increasingly unpopular and losing
support on the key issue of the economy,
I don't think it's fair to say any state
is going to be entirely off the table,
especially with Ken Paxton, who the
Republican party is saying in words and
money they're afraid could lose. Look,
James Tarico entered this race in the
first place. He has said this because he
liked the contrast that he would present
with Ken Paxton. So that's the scenario
that intrigues people it feels like the
most. The general election in which
James Telerico runs against Ken Paxton.
Yeah. This is the scenario that
Republicans have most wanted to avoid.
Republicans have intervened to stop Ken
Paxton and they've intervened to
encourage Jasmine Crockett. So you don't
have to believe me or what all the
strategists are saying on the record or
off the record. Their actions show that
is the matchup they've been trying to
avoid here. Of course, everyone
has and can be again wrong in American
politics. And it could turn out that
Jasmine Crockett wins the Democratic
primary and emerges as a quite strong
general election candidate. Yeah. I
mean, there are people, Donald Trump,
chief among them, who have won by
motivating the Republican party base.
And I do want to bring back Texas and
why Texas is so important. It's already
one of the biggest states in the
country. It's growing. the next time
that they do a census, it's going to
pick up maybe four congressional seats.
That's the projection. This is not a
state that Democrats think they can let
fall off the map. They need to find a
way to compete in Texas. And so, this is
an important test for the party. Can you
find a candidate, a message, a style to
make Texas competitive? [music]
Shane, thank you very much. Thank you.
[music]
The voting in Texas begins at 7:00 a.m.
and ends at 7:00 p.m. [music]
So far, early voting has already reached
record highs on the Democratic side.
If, [music] as expected, the Republican
race results in a runoff, that election
will be held [music] in May.
We'll be right back.
Here's what else you need to know
[music] day. On Monday, the war against
Iran meaningfully expanded. In Lebanon,
the Iranianbacked militia group
Hezbollah fired rockets into Israel,
prompting Israel [music] to bombard the
militia's strongholds outside Beirut. In
Saudi Arabia and Qatar, officials said
that Iran had attacked [music] key
pieces of infrastructure, including an
energy plant and an oil refinery. In
Kuwait, [music]
local air defenses mistakenly shot down
three American fighter jets in one of
the war's first major incidents of
friendly fire. All six American [music]
crew members survived and one of them
was greeted on the ground by a grateful
group of Kuwaiti men.
>> You're safe. You're safe. Everything
good. Thank you for helping us.
Everything.
>> Finally, [music] in the United States,
military leaders said they would send
more troops and fighter [music] jets to
the region. And President Trump said
that the American Israeli assault
[music] could last even longer than
originally planned.
>> Right from the get beginning, we
projected four to 5 weeks, but uh we
have [music] capability to go far longer
than that. We'll do it. Whatever
somebody [music] said today, they said,
"Oh, well, president wants to do it
really quickly. After that, he'll get
bored." I [music] don't get bored.
There's nothing boring about this.
Today's [music] episode was produced by
Mooj Zadei, Claire Tennisceter, and
Carlos Prito with help from Mustava Mesa
and [music] Christina Avalos. It was
edited by Rachel Quester. Contains music
by [music] Marian Lozano, Dan Powell,
and Diane Wong. Our theme song is by
Wonderly. This episode was engineered by
Alyssa Moxley.
[music]
That's it [music] for the daily. I'm
Michael Babano. See you tomorrow.